[Feature] Configure tolerations in kubernetes backend (#2249)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/30-administration/22-backends/40-kubernetes.md

By default the pod will use "kubernetes.io/arch" inferred from top-level "platform" setting which is deducted from the agents' environment variable CI_SYSTEM_PLATFORM. To overwrite this, you need to specify this label in the nodeSelector section.
See the [kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector) for more information on using nodeSelector.

### tolerations

> When you use nodeSelector and the node pool is configured with Taints, you needs to specify the Tollerations. Tolerations allow the scheduler to schedule pods with matching taints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use nodeSelector and the node pool is configured with Taints, you need to specify the Tolerations. Tolerations allow the scheduler to schedule pods with matching taints.
```
